% !TeX program = pdfLaTeX
\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{graphicx,psfrag,epsf}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage[hyphens]{url} % not crucial - just used below for the URL
\usepackage{hyperref}

%\pdfminorversion=4
% NOTE: To produce blinded version, replace "0" with "1" below.
\newcommand{\blind}{0}

% DON'T change margins - should be 1 inch all around.
\addtolength{\oddsidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\evensidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\textwidth}{1in}%
\addtolength{\textheight}{1.3in}%
\addtolength{\topmargin}{-.8in}%

%% load any required packages here



% tightlist command for lists without linebreak
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}




\begin{document}


\def\spacingset#1{\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}%
{#1}\small\normalsize} \spacingset{1}


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

\if0\blind
{
  \title{\bf Title here}

  \author{
        Author 1 \thanks{The authors gratefully acknowledge \ldots{}} \\
    Department of YYY, University of XXX\\
     and \\     Author 2 \\
    Department of ZZZ, University of WWW\\
      }
  \maketitle
} \fi

\if1\blind
{
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \begin{center}
    {\LARGE\bf Title here}
  \end{center}
  \medskip
} \fi

\bigskip
\begin{abstract}
The text of your abstract. 200 or fewer words.
\end{abstract}

\noindent%
{\it Keywords:} 3 to 6 keywords, that do not appear in the title
\vfill

\newpage
\spacingset{1.45} % DON'T change the spacing!

\hypertarget{introduction}{%
\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

This template demonstrates some of the basic latex you'll need to know
to create a ASA article. -- Student clearly established the aim of the
project. -- Student offered a clear roadmap of the report (i.e what is
covered in the report).

\section{Problem Statement and Background}
\label{sec:verify}

-- Student offered a clear and complete statement of the problem and/or
aim of their analysis. -- Student included a brief summary of any
related work (i.e.~a light literature review)

\section{Data}
\label{sec:verify}

-- Student outlined where their data came from. -- Student clearly
specified: ∗ the unit of observation; ∗ the outcome of interest and how
it is measured; ∗ predictor variables of interest (and why they were
selected); ∗ potential issues in the data (e.g.~missingness, coverage,
etc.) -- Student articulate the steps they took to wrangle the data.

\section{Analysis}
\label{sec:verify}

-- Student described the methods/tools they explored in their project. ∗
Justified the tools/methods that they used. ∗ Adequately described what
the tools/methods are doing. ∗ Note: Assume the reader is smart but
doesn't know programming/machine mearning well. That is, be crystal
clear about what you're doing and why.

\section{Results}
\label{sec:verify}

-- Student gave a detailed summary of their results. -- Student
presented their results clearly and concisely. -- Student used
visualizations (and tables) whenever possible/appropriate. -- Student
highlighted some clear takeaways (``things learned'') and theoretical
implications (``potential hypotheses'') from their analysis.

\section{Discussion}
\label{sec:verify}

-- Student spoke on the ``success'' of their project (as defined in
their proposal). ∗ ``Did you achieve what you set out to do? If not
why?'' -- Student articulate how they would expand the analysis if given
more time.

\citet{Campbell02} \citeauthor{Schubert13}
\citetext{\citeyear{Schubert13}; \citealp{Chi81}}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. \textbf{With this spacing we
have 30 lines per page.}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

\bibliographystyle{agsm}
\bibliography{bibliography.bib}


\end{document}
